+ When running tabletrans-test, canon has a value of 6, causing an
  error when this is passed to table-load-next-row.  I'm pretty sure
  it's got something to do with the return values getting mixed up in
  the return lists.

* Also: Note that I'm (maybe temporarily) using the full target-table
  in the graph variable in tabletrans; the missing dependencies seem
  to be causing difficulties later on, so I need to find a way to deal
  with the t-stat values, perhaps simply removing them from the
  passes.

* Also thought about modifying dep< so that targets with t-stat are
  not treated as dependencies.  This seems to make sense in all cases.

-----------------------------------------------
OLD:

+ New depsort is possibly wrong, run tabletrans on the test project in
  this directory and look at first entry.

  + Bug is with depsort: Results in two copies of variance

----------------------------------------------
OLD:

- Known bug with pass-collapse: table-push-fields inside an ltab is
  supposed to result in added lfields for the ultimate source table.
  Something is broken along these lines because the example in
  pass-collapse-test.lisp does not work.

  - Update: Apparently the *proj->tab->(ltab-)lfields* aren't being
    properly updated, they've all got nil mapped values even though
    there is clearly a push-fields inside of the filtered and filtered2
    ltab bodies.

  * New irritating result: The strategy of pushing all the lfields onto
    the source tables ends up clobbering the lfields from the other
    ltabs and possibly even the actual fields from the source table.
    Solution would be to generate gensyms for the lfields and replace
    the (field ...) in the immediately dependent reductions with (field
    gensym), the same technique used in e.g. pass-merge.

  - Current status: Still need to fix the irritating result, and
    additionally even though the ltab-lfields seem to be handled
    correctly by pass-collapse, there are still errors when run with
    makeres, which suggests that pass-merge is not handling the new
    ltab-lfields quite right.

+ Known bug with makeres-tabletrans: if a push-fields inside an ltab
  has the same fields as the source table, this causes some of the
  macros/recursive functions/something to loop forever.  It's because
  the field names need to be gensyms inside the ltab context.  So:
  
  + Fix ltab push-fields context so that the new bindings from
    push-fields are gensyms.

    * This involves calling replace-push-fields on all the constituent
      bodies to replace the old symbols with gensyms (only inside the
      (field ...) macro)

    * Decision: ltab push-fields necessarily shadows the previously
      available fields, and so I'm forcing the user to be responsible
      and not shadow a field they'll need later; i.e. I'm not
      providing tools to access shadowed fields.
